Demonstrate your understanding of today's concepts by answering the following 
free-form questions. Submit them as a text file along with your project.



1. What is controller containment and what does it offer developers?

        Is the practice of connecting multiple ViewControllers in a way that one 
        lays on top of the other, creating a stack. In that scenario, the bottom 
        View Controller is said to " contain " the rest of the View Controllers on
        top of it. Like for example, the Navigation View Controller.


2. What is the difference between navigation and tab controllers? 
Under what circumstances do you use each one?

        The Navigation Controller creates a stack of view Controllers that are 
        connected in a specific order. This means that every next ViewController 
        you create on top of this stack, will have a back button with a segue to 
        the previous View Controller (With the exception of the Navigation 
        Controller itself).

        Tab Controller on the other hand, comes with a tool bar at the button, 
        ready to hold multiple buttons that each has a segue to a different VC. 
        These View Controllers are not actually related. Each can be enbeded in 
        it's own Navigation Controller. As a side note, it's best practice to 
        have between 2 to no more than 5 buttons in the tool bar.

        When you need View Controllers to be in a specific order, and each have a 
        back button to the previous one, it's best to use a Navigation Controller.
        But if you need to have multiple View Controllers as options in one 
        screen, and then each of those have it's own stack (order) to follow, it 
        should be better to use a Tab Controller.


3. Name at least one Apple-supplied iOS application that uses each container 
class and explain how they're used in each app.

        Instagram uses a Tab Controller as soon as you open the App. You can see 
        the tool bar at the bottom, which has a button for " Home ", " Search ",
        " Add New Picture ", " Likes " and " Profile ".

        FifthThird uses Navigation Controller, you can see the diference since the
        screens go in a certain order, plus each has a back button.


